[docs-only] Add warning about firewall configuration. (#1821)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/getting-started.md

The default primary storage location is `/var/tmp/ocis`. You can change that value by configuration.

{{< hint warning >}}

> oCIS internally uses mDNS. If your system has a firewall, make sure mDNS is allowed in your active zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oCIS out of the box relies in Multicast DNS (mDNS) by default. If your system has a firewall, make sure mDNS is allowed in your active zone.
```
